now a hab at 77
now a hab at 77 in Samaria and gee hew wrote and sent
in Samaria and gee hew wrote and sent
in Samaria and gee hew wrote and sent letters to Samaria to the rulers of
letters to Samaria to the rulers of
letters to Samaria to the rulers of Jezreel to the elders and to those who
Jezreel to the elders and to those who
Jezreel to the elders and to those who reared a hab sons now as soon as this
reared a hab sons now as soon as this
reared a hab sons now as soon as this letter comes to you since your master's
letter comes to you since your master's
letter comes to you since your master's sons are with you and you have chariots
sons are with you and you have chariots
sons are with you and you have chariots and horses a fortified city also and
and horses a fortified city also and
and horses a fortified city also and weapons choose the best-qualified of
weapons choose the best-qualified of
weapons choose the best-qualified of your masters sons set him on his
your masters sons set him on his
your masters sons set him on his Father's throne and fight for your
Father's throne and fight for your
Father's throne and fight for your master's house but they were exceedingly
master's house but they were exceedingly
master's house but they were exceedingly afraid look to Kings could not stand up
afraid look to Kings could not stand up
afraid look to Kings could not stand up to him how then can we stand and he who
to him how then can we stand and he who
to him how then can we stand and he who was in charge of the house and he who
was in charge of the house and he who
was in charge of the house and he who was in charge of the city the elders
was in charge of the city the elders
was in charge of the city the elders also and those who reared the sons sent
also and those who reared the sons sent
also and those who reared the sons sent to g-tube
to g-tube
to g-tube we are your servants we will do all you
we are your servants we will do all you
we are your servants we will do all you tell us but we will not make anyone King
tell us but we will not make anyone King
tell us but we will not make anyone King do what is good in your sight and he
do what is good in your sight and he
do what is good in your sight and he wrote a second letter to them if you are
wrote a second letter to them if you are
wrote a second letter to them if you are for me and will obey my voice take the
for me and will obey my voice take the
for me and will obey my voice take the heads of the men your masters sons and
heads of the men your masters sons and
heads of the men your masters sons and come to me at Jezreel by this time
come to me at Jezreel by this time
come to me at Jezreel by this time tomorrow now the king's sons 70 persons
tomorrow now the king's sons 70 persons
tomorrow now the king's sons 70 persons were with the great men of the city who
were with the great men of the city who
were with the great men of the city who were rearing them so it was when the
were rearing them so it was when the
were rearing them so it was when the letter came to them that they took the
letter came to them that they took the
letter came to them that they took the king's sons and slaughtered 70 persons
king's sons and slaughtered 70 persons
king's sons and slaughtered 70 persons put their heads in baskets
put their heads in baskets
put their heads in baskets and sent them to him at Jezreel and a
and sent them to him at Jezreel and a
and sent them to him at Jezreel and a messenger came and told him they have
messenger came and told him they have
messenger came and told him they have brought the heads of the king's sons lay
brought the heads of the king's sons lay
brought the heads of the king's sons lay them into heaps at the entrance of the
them into heaps at the entrance of the
them into heaps at the entrance of the gate until more
sir it was in the morning that he went
sir it was in the morning that he went out and stood and said to all the people
out and stood and said to all the people
out and stood and said to all the people you are righteous indeed I conspired
you are righteous indeed I conspired
you are righteous indeed I conspired against my master and killed him
against my master and killed him
against my master and killed him but who killed all these know now that
but who killed all these know now that
but who killed all these know now that nothing shall fall to the earth of the
nothing shall fall to the earth of the
nothing shall fall to the earth of the word of the Lord which the Lord spoke
word of the Lord which the Lord spoke
word of the Lord which the Lord spoke concerning the house of Ahab for the
concerning the house of Ahab for the
concerning the house of Ahab for the Lord has done what he spoke by his
Lord has done what he spoke by his
Lord has done what he spoke by his servant Elijah
servant Elijah
servant Elijah Soji who killed all who remained of the
Soji who killed all who remained of the
Soji who killed all who remained of the house of Ahab in Jezreel and all his
house of Ahab in Jezreel and all his
house of Ahab in Jezreel and all his great men and his close acquaintances
great men and his close acquaintances
great men and his close acquaintances and his priests until he left him none
and his priests until he left him none
and his priests until he left him none remained and he arose and departed and
remained and he arose and departed and
remained and he arose and departed and went to Samaria on the way at Beth beak
went to Samaria on the way at Beth beak
went to Samaria on the way at Beth beak head of the Shepherd's a gu met with the
head of the Shepherd's a gu met with the
head of the Shepherd's a gu met with the brothers of a hazard king of judah who
brothers of a hazard king of judah who
brothers of a hazard king of judah who are you we are the brothers of a aziah
are you we are the brothers of a aziah
are you we are the brothers of a aziah we have come down to greet the sons of
we have come down to greet the sons of
we have come down to greet the sons of the king and the sons of the Queen
the king and the sons of the Queen
the king and the sons of the Queen Mother take them alive so they took them
Mother take them alive so they took them
Mother take them alive so they took them alive and killed them of the will of
alive and killed them of the will of
alive and killed them of the will of Betty Kidd 42 men and he left novel now
Betty Kidd 42 men and he left novel now
Betty Kidd 42 men and he left novel now when he departed from there he met
when he departed from there he met
when he departed from there he met Johanna dab the son of recap coming to
Johanna dab the son of recap coming to
Johanna dab the son of recap coming to meet him and he greeted him is your
meet him and he greeted him is your
meet him and he greeted him is your heart right as my heart is toward your
heart right as my heart is toward your
heart right as my heart is toward your heart it is if it is give me your hand
heart it is if it is give me your hand
heart it is if it is give me your hand so he gave him his hand and he took him
so he gave him his hand and he took him
so he gave him his hand and he took him up to him into the cherished
up to him into the cherished
up to him into the cherished come with me and see my zeal for the
come with me and see my zeal for the
come with me and see my zeal for the Lord so they had him ride in his chariot
Lord so they had him ride in his chariot
Lord so they had him ride in his chariot and when he came to Samaria he killed
and when he came to Samaria he killed
and when he came to Samaria he killed who remain to Ahab in Samaria till he
who remain to Ahab in Samaria till he
who remain to Ahab in Samaria till he had destroyed them according to the word
had destroyed them according to the word
had destroyed them according to the word of the Lord which he spoke to Elijah
of the Lord which he spoke to Elijah
of the Lord which he spoke to Elijah then GE you get all the people together
then GE you get all the people together
then GE you get all the people together and said to them a hab served bail a
and said to them a hab served bail a
and said to them a hab served bail a little G you will serve him much
little G you will serve him much
little G you will serve him much now therefore call to me all the
now therefore call to me all the
now therefore call to me all the prophets of bail all his servants and
prophets of bail all his servants and
prophets of bail all his servants and all his priests let no one be missing
all his priests let no one be missing
all his priests let no one be missing for I have a great sacrifice for bail
for I have a great sacrifice for bail
for I have a great sacrifice for bail whoever is missing shall not live but G
whoever is missing shall not live but G
whoever is missing shall not live but G who acted deceptively with the intent of
who acted deceptively with the intent of
who acted deceptively with the intent of destroying the worshippers of bail
destroying the worshippers of bail
destroying the worshippers of bail proclaim a solemn assembly for bail
proclaim a solemn assembly for bail
proclaim a solemn assembly for bail so they proclaimed it then G Hugh sent
so they proclaimed it then G Hugh sent
so they proclaimed it then G Hugh sent throughout all Israel and all the
throughout all Israel and all the
throughout all Israel and all the worshippers of bail came so that there
worshippers of bail came so that there
worshippers of bail came so that there was not a man left who did not come so
was not a man left who did not come so
was not a man left who did not come so they came into the temple of bail and
they came into the temple of bail and
they came into the temple of bail and the temple of bail was full from one end
the temple of bail was full from one end
the temple of bail was full from one end to the other but he said to the one in
to the other but he said to the one in
to the other but he said to the one in charge of the wardrobe bring out
charge of the wardrobe bring out
charge of the wardrobe bring out vestments for all the worshippers of
vestments for all the worshippers of
vestments for all the worshippers of bail so he brought out vestments for
bail so he brought out vestments for
bail so he brought out vestments for them
them
them then gee Hugh and Jahan adapt the son of
then gee Hugh and Jahan adapt the son of
then gee Hugh and Jahan adapt the son of recap went into the temple of bail and
recap went into the temple of bail and
recap went into the temple of bail and said to the worshippers of bail search
said to the worshippers of bail search
said to the worshippers of bail search and see that no servants of the Lord are
and see that no servants of the Lord are
and see that no servants of the Lord are here with you but only the worshipers of
here with you but only the worshipers of
here with you but only the worshipers of bail so they went in to offer sacrifices
bail so they went in to offer sacrifices
bail so they went in to offer sacrifices and burnt offerings now gee who had
and burnt offerings now gee who had
and burnt offerings now gee who had appointed for himself 80 men on the
appointed for himself 80 men on the
appointed for himself 80 men on the outside if any of the men whom I have
outside if any of the men whom I have
outside if any of the men whom I have brought into your hands escapes whoever
brought into your hands escapes whoever
brought into your hands escapes whoever lets him escape it shall be his life for
lets him escape it shall be his life for
lets him escape it shall be his life for the life of the other now it happened as
the life of the other now it happened as
the life of the other now it happened as soon as he have made an end of offering
soon as he have made an end of offering
soon as he have made an end of offering the burnt offering but gee Hugh said to
the burnt offering but gee Hugh said to
the burnt offering but gee Hugh said to the guard and to the captain's go in and
the guard and to the captain's go in and
the guard and to the captain's go in and kill them let no one come out they kill
kill them let no one come out they kill
kill them let no one come out they kill to the edge of the floor then the guard
to the edge of the floor then the guard
to the edge of the floor then the guard in the offices through the mouth it went
in the offices through the mouth it went
in the offices through the mouth it went into the cab of the temple of faith
and they brought the sacred pillars out
and they brought the sacred pillars out of the temple of bail and burn
of the temple of bail and burn
of the temple of bail and burn [Music]
then they broke down a sacred pillar of
then they broke down a sacred pillar of bail and tore down the temple of bail
bail and tore down the temple of bail
bail and tore down the temple of bail and made it a ref you stubborn to this
and made it a ref you stubborn to this
and made it a ref you stubborn to this day
day
day thus G who destroyed bail from Israel
thus G who destroyed bail from Israel
thus G who destroyed bail from Israel [Music]
[Music]
[Music] however G hue did not turn away from the
however G hue did not turn away from the
however G hue did not turn away from the sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
sins of jeroboam the son of nebat
sins of jeroboam the son of nebat who had made israel sin that is from the
who had made israel sin that is from the
who had made israel sin that is from the golden calves that were at bethel and
golden calves that were at bethel and
golden calves that were at bethel and Dan and the Lord said to G hew because
Dan and the Lord said to G hew because
Dan and the Lord said to G hew because you have done well in doing what is
you have done well in doing what is
you have done well in doing what is right in my sight and have done to the
right in my sight and have done to the
right in my sight and have done to the house of Ahab all that was in my heart
house of Ahab all that was in my heart
house of Ahab all that was in my heart your sons shall sit on the throne of
your sons shall sit on the throne of
your sons shall sit on the throne of Israel to the fourth generation but ye
Israel to the fourth generation but ye
Israel to the fourth generation but ye who took no heed to walk in the law of
who took no heed to walk in the law of
who took no heed to walk in the law of the Lord God of Israel with all his
the Lord God of Israel with all his
the Lord God of Israel with all his heart for he did not depart from the
heart for he did not depart from the
heart for he did not depart from the sins of Jeroboam who had made Israel sin
sins of Jeroboam who had made Israel sin
sins of Jeroboam who had made Israel sin in those days the Lord began to cut off
in those days the Lord began to cut off
in those days the Lord began to cut off parts of Israel and has al conquered
parts of Israel and has al conquered
parts of Israel and has al conquered them in all the territory of Israel from
them in all the territory of Israel from
them in all the territory of Israel from the Jordan eastward all the land of
the Jordan eastward all the land of
the Jordan eastward all the land of Gilead GAD Reuben and Manasseh from a
Gilead GAD Reuben and Manasseh from a
Gilead GAD Reuben and Manasseh from a rower
rower
rower which is by the river arnon including
which is by the river arnon including
which is by the river arnon including Gilead and patient
Gilead and patient
Gilead and patient now the rest of the acts of G hue all
now the rest of the acts of G hue all
now the rest of the acts of G hue all that he did and all his might are they
that he did and all his might are they
that he did and all his might are they not written in the book of The
not written in the book of The
not written in the book of The Chronicles of the kings of Israel
Soji who rested with his father's and
Soji who rested with his father's and they buried him in Samaria then Jehovah
they buried him in Samaria then Jehovah
they buried him in Samaria then Jehovah has his son reigned in his place and the
has his son reigned in his place and the
has his son reigned in his place and the period that G Hugh and over Israel in
period that G Hugh and over Israel in
period that G Hugh and over Israel in Samaria was 28 years